#1763 - Niederlausitz
add_core = SOR
capital = "Chotebuz"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = yes
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
discovered_by = KAZ
discovered_by = CRI
discovered_by = GOL
discovered_by = AST
discovered_by = QAS
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
latent_trade_goods = { coal }
add_core = GER
owner = GER
controller = GER
discovered_by = aboriginal_tech
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = polynesian_tech
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = sub_saharan
