# No previous file for Cutzamala
is_city = yes
capital = "Cutzamala"
trade_goods = sugar
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 5
native_ferocity = 1
native_hostileness = 2
discovered_by = mesoamerican
owner = AZT
controller = AZT
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = aboriginal_tech
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = polynesian_tech
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = sub_saharan
add_core = AZT
fort_15th = yes
