#4457 - Cambay/Khambhat
capital = "Khambhat"
trade_goods = cloth#Chintz
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = yes
add_jains_or_burghers_effect = yes
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = chinese
extra_cost = 24
center_of_trade = 3
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = aboriginal_tech
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = polynesian_tech
discovered_by = south_american
discovered_by = sub_saharan
