#763 - Rio de Janeiro
discovered_by = south_american
capital = "Rio de Janeiro"
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
native_size = 10
native_ferocity = 1
native_hostileness = 1
extra_cost = 8
center_of_trade = 1
is_city = no
discovered_by = western
discovered_by = aboriginal_tech
discovered_by = andean
discovered_by = central_african
discovered_by = chinese
discovered_by = east_african
discovered_by = eastern
discovered_by = high_american
discovered_by = indian
discovered_by = mesoamerican
discovered_by = muslim
discovered_by = nomad_group
discovered_by = north_american
discovered_by = ottoman
discovered_by = polynesian_tech
discovered_by = sub_saharan
